# ECMA 402 meeting agenda

This is an initial agenda document; please add additional agenda items as appropriate through PRs to this repository.

July 19th, 2018, 16:00 UTC

Contact Daniel Ehrenberg (littledan@igalia.com) for the link to the Google Hangouts link.

1. PRs against ECMA-402
    1. [Normative: Improve handling of non-Gregorian calendars](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/pull/227)
        - Implementations?
        - Tests?
    1. [Normative: Permit "unknown" DateTimeFormat/NumberFormat fields](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/pull/245)
        - Implementations?
        - (Impossible to write a test)
    1. [Normative: Treat -0 as negative in NumberFormat](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/pull/232)
        - Tests have landed
        - Implementations?
    1. Other issues to discuss in ECMA-402?
        - [Spec should be consistent about calling intrinsics](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/247)
1. Stage 3 APIs
    1. [Intl.Locale](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-locale)
        1. PRs out for review
            1. [Normative: Cite UTS #35 for canonicalizing Unicode extension tags](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-locale/pull/48)
            1. [Normative: Define error recovery behavior for likely subtags](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-locale/pull/49)
            1. [Normative: Improve handling of grandfathered/private use tags](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-locale/pull/50)
        1. How are implementations coming?
        1. Any issues with testing? (Should be pretty complete)
        1. Other Intl.Locale issues?
    1. [Intl.RelativeTimeFormat](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-relative-time)
        1. PRs out for review
            1. [Normative: Remove mistaken NumberFormat options](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-relative-time/pull/81)
        1. How are implementations coming?
        1. Any issues with testing? (Test262 covers surface area; substantial tests on the way)
        1. Other Intl.RelativeTimeFormat issues?
    1. [Intl.ListFormat](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-list-format)
    1. [Intl.Segmenter](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-intl-segmenter)
1. Newer proposals
    1. [Intl.NumberFormat Unified Feature Proposal](https://github.com/sffc/proposal-unified-intl-numberformat)
        - Rounding behaviors: #239; sffc/proposal-unified-intl-numberformat#9
        - New fields: sffc/proposal-unified-intl-numberformat#10
        - Measurement unit fallback behavior: sffc/proposal-unified-intl-numberformat#11
        - Name of `signDisplay` and `currencySignDisplay`: sffc/proposal-unified-intl-numberformat#6
        - Editorial comment from Daniel: is it a bad idea to use different terminology in the spec than in the API, as long as the spec's terminology does not leak out?  For example, my spec uses "measure unit" internally to refer to what we decided to call just "unit" externally, and I use a key called "unit type" to refer to what we externally call "style".
        - [Slides for TC39](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-NqsYUS5k3iEyRmzpRR2odSt-6n6bLLKS4drdzJ1kuU/edit?ts=5b4e6d0c#slide=id.p) (still in progress, but feel free to leave comments)
        - Other helpful links: [main repository](https://github.com/sffc/proposal-unified-intl-numberformat); [spec changes](https://github.com/sffc/proposal-unified-intl-numberformat/pull/8)
    1. [formatRange/formatRangeToParts](https://github.com/fabalbon/proposal-intl-DateTimeFormat-formatRange) (Felipe)
        - [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQXuKpkf-kHF4Ue-35PAez79EL2bTU-s3dGbQvj0zwOzbqnF1zJJif_RT8wV9v8VkI4agEzvBPbKOoi/pub)
        - Fell off the agenda at the May 2018 TC39 meeting
        - Plan: Stage 2 at July 2018 TC39 meeting (presented by Felipe Balbont√≠n)
        - Issues:
            - [Default behavior when date parameter is undefined](https://github.com/fabalbon/proposal-intl-DateTimeFormat-formatRange/issues/2)
            - [Throw a RangeError when startDate is greater than endDate](https://github.com/fabalbon/proposal-intl-DateTimeFormat-formatRange/issues/1)
    1. [DisplayNames](https://github.com/brawer/proposal-intl-displaynames)
        - [API shape issue](https://github.com/brawer/proposal-intl-displaynames/issues/4)
        - [Other issues](https://github.com/brawer/proposal-intl-displaynames/issues)
        - Plan for TC39 stages? Present to TC39 in July?
1. July 2018 TC39 meeting
    1. [Draft presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14KfUvfP2MtJItVirvaA_2jJ7j6p8QW93j4QGs1A3VC0/edit#slide=id.p)
1. Liaison relationship between the Intl group and Unicode/CLDR/ICU?
1. Future meetings
    1. Any topics to discuss at the next meeting?
    1. Is August 16, 2018 at 16:00 UTC a good next meeting time?

#### Overflow

If we somehow have additional time, additional features to discuss (most likely to overflow into the next meeting)

1. New proposals
    1. Additional Locale features
        1. [Intl.getParentLocales](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/87)
        1. [Directionality of scripts](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/205)
        1. [First day of the week](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/6)
    1. HTML proposals
        1. [navigator.locale](https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/3046)
        1. [timezonechange](https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/3047)
    1. [API for reading Unicode properties](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/90)
    1. Additional options
        1. [dateStyle/timeStyle](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-ecma402-datetime-style) (Stage 1)
        1. [Need "symbo-alt-narrow" for Int.NumberFormat options.currencyDisplay](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/200)
        1. [DateTimeFormat: add 'skeleton' support](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/189)
        1. [DateTimeFormat: add support options.raw (aka pattern)](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/190)
        1. [DateTimeFormat: consider adding more timezone display options](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/119)
        1. [[Proposal] Compact Decimal Format to abbreviate large numbers](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/37)
        1. [Expose ability to produce a base form of the word used by Collator](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/44)
    1. [case fold](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/99), title case
    1. [Hyphenation](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/93)
    1. [What should we do about the specification's implementation-dependent behavior?](https://github.com/tc39/ecma402/issues/113)
